# パッチ 26.8 ノート

League of Legends Patch 26.8 Notes League of Legends Patch 26.8 Notes Let’s get groovy with Patch 26.8! Game Updates Riot Riru, Riot Cashmiir, sternest 2026-04-14T18:00:00.000Z Let’s get groovy with Patch 26.8!&nbsp; In this week’s patch we’ve got some changes to some of the more powerful picks right now like Mel and Dr. Mundo while we’re also helping out some struggling champions like Lucian and Hwei. We’ve also made some changes to help avoid players from taking unusable abilities at level 1 like Zyra and Zilean.&nbsp; In other news, we’ve also got updates to ARAM, ARAM: Mayhem, and Arena, not to mention a bunch of cool and funky skins coming to the Rift this patch. Don’t forget we’ve also got an ARAM Clash coming this patch, the introduction of champion specific keybinds (a long asked for player request), and a swanky new Discord integration coming your way!&nbsp; Looking for more information on all things League of Legends? Check out our community-run wiki here ! &nbsp; Wrong patch notes? You can find the TFT patch notes here ! Lilu "Riot Riru" Cabreros Erika "Riot Cashmiir" Haas Steven "Riot sternest" Earnest Patch Highlights PsyOps Vladimir, PROJECT: Sivir, Space Groove Zac, and PROJECT: Command Line Master Yi will be available April 15, 2026. Ranked Season 1 End The Summoner’s Rift Ranked Season 1 will end on the last day of patch 26.08 cycle, so if you’ve got ranked goals for this season make sure you hit them this patch! Good luck! Date and Time: Regional local server time midnight (23:59:59) on April 28. Summoner’s Rift Ranked Season 2 will start on the first day of patch 26.09 cycle. Date and Time: Regional local server time noon (12:00:00) on April 29. A few additional things to keep in mind as we wrap up this season: For all regions, Ranked mission (win 15 ranked games) will be reset with the Season 2 start. End of S1 ranked reward will be granted on 26.09. Shard transfer services will be temporarily disabled during season transition until the reward grant is completed. Champion Specific Keybinds Champion specific keybinds have arrived! This long awaited player request will go live this patch and will now allow for champion specific overrides to be set for most keybinds. Rumble and Viktor players rejoice, smartcast options can also be toggled on a per-champion basis.&nbsp; As a heads up, you won’t be able to do this out of game, so make sure you go into practice tool and set them up before jumping into ranked! Discord Integration We’re partnering with Discord to make it easier to get into your next League of Legends game with your friends. Linking your accounts unlocks new social features: Invite Discord friends straight to your party, no alt-tabbing needed! Copy a party link and share it in your favorite server, no more manually inviting friends one by one. See which of your friends play other Riot games and jump into parties faster. We'll be running a Beta across US, Canada and Brazil starting on April 16th. We will continue to test and refine the experience and plan on expanding to additional regions in a few patches. Champions Dr. Mundo Dr. Mundo has been able to more consistently reach his high points in the jungle where he is less concerned about his slow early game. We are looking to curb some of his clear speed to make sure he can’t go where he pleases too quickly and requires some more time to scale up. Q - Infected Bonesaw Monster Damage Cap : 300 / 375 / 450 / 525 / 600 ⇒ 250 / 325 / 400 / 475 / 550 E - Blunt Force Trauma Monster Damage Cap: : 200%⇒ 140% Hwei Hwei has remained on the weaker side since the nerfs to his waveclear last year, and we are fixing a bug that we expect to be a further minor nerf. We still believe those waveclear nerfs to be correct as we want Hwei League's coolest combo mage, not just a walking waveclear machine. Therefore, we’re buffing his combo casting output up through his passive. Passive - Signature of the Visionary Base Damage : 35 - 230 (Levels 1 - 18) ⇒ 40 - 285 (Levels 1 - 18) Comboing Slows : Slows from Hwei's abilities now stack with diminishing values. Bugfix : Slows from Hwei's QE and R abilities no longer stack with slows from other champions / items. Karma Last patch we made some changes to Karma to reduce how generically powerful she was by reducing her midgame shield strength. Unfortunately those weren’t as effective as we had intended so we’re taking another swing at Karma by directly targeting her E power and reducing her base stats a tad so she is more reliant on skillful and intentional ability usage. Base Stats Base AD : 51 ⇒ 49 AD Growth : 3.3 ⇒ 3.0 E - Inspire Mana Cost : 50 / 55 / 60 / 65 / 70 ⇒ 60 / 65 / 70 / 75 / 80 Lillia Our favorite bouncing deer has been a bit less than enthusiastic to prance from camp to camp as of late, it’s a scary jungle out there. We’re hoping to give Lillia players some more courage to bring her into the jungle by increasing her ability to have her high move speed translate into a faster clear. Passive - Dream-Laden Bough Monster Damage Cap : 65 ⇒ 70-180 (based on level) Lucian Lucian has a unique role as an AD Carry that dashes in, out of, and around fights which is why many of his players enjoy him. Unfortunately, he hasn’t been doing that as effectively recently so we’re looking to remedy that. To get there, we’re lowering both the cooldown and mana cost of his dashes. E - Relentless Pursuit Cooldown : 18 / 17 / 16 / 15 / 14 ⇒ 16 / 15.5 / 15 / 14.5 / 14 Mana Cost : 40 / 30 / 20 / 10 / 0 ⇒ 32 / 24 / 16 / 8 / 0 Mel Since our recent adjustments to Mel, she’s been hitting too hard with her initial Q missile whether ahead or behind, even as opponents dodge the rest of the spell, so we’re looking to take her damage down a notch. We’re also aiming to reduce how frustrating her W can be by lowering the bonus mobility she gets and the spell’s uptime, with the movespeed now matching her shield and reflect duration. Q - Radiant Volley Initial Explosion Damage : 60 / 90 / 120 / 150 / 180 (+ 60% AP) ⇒ 60 / 85 / 110 / 135 / 160 (+ 55% AP) W - Rebuttal Cooldown : 35 / 32 / 29 / 26 / 23 ⇒ 38 / 35 / 32 / 29 / 26 seconds Bonus Movement Speed Duration : 1.5 ⇒ 0.75 seconds Tahm Kench As a champ in both Top and Support, Tahm Kench requires periodic maintenance as the meta shifts to ensure both roles of his roles are equally supported. In this case, Dusk and Dawn's addition to the game this season has shifted this balance in favor of top lane, so we’re adjusting how his passive scales to help balance him out. Passive - An Acquired Taste Damage : 6 - 48 (Levels 1 - 11) (+1.5% AP per 100 Bonus HP) (+4.5% Bonus HP) ⇒ 5 - 60 (Levels 1 - 12) (+1.25% AP per 100 Bonus HP) (+4% Bonus HP) Yuumi We’re implementing a couple bugfixes to Yuumi’s ultimate, one of which will sometimes result in the magical cat outputting significantly more healing than she may have grown used to. As such, we’re throwing her a FISH by increasing her base healing and best friend healing to provide a stronger baseline effect. R - Final Chapter Heal Per Wave : 30 / 40 / 50 (+10% AP) ⇒ 30 / 50 / 70 (+12% AP) Best Friend Enhanced Heal : 30% More Healing ⇒ 30 - 60% More Healing (Levels 6 - 12) Bugfix : The attached ally is no longer healed an additional time whenever Final Chapter heals another ally Bugfix : Final Chapter's overhealing shield now takes into account Heal/Shield power as well as Grievous Wounds Zilean As a quality of life change we’re looking to make sure Zilean can only put points into abilities he can fully utilize level 1. W - Rewind W Level Up : No longer can level W at level 1. Zyra Since the dawn of time Zyra’s have been accidentally putting a point into W and effectively doing nothing level 1. Well no more! We’re adding a small QoL change so Zyra can no longer put her first skill point into W to prevent this type of situation from being a thorn in your side and mental blooming. W - Rampant Growth W Level Up : No longer can level W level ARAM: Mayhem Hello ARAM Mayhemers!&nbsp; In this patch, we’re continuing to reduce passive and persistent Movement Speed from Augments to give champions more room to react and make fights easier to read.&nbsp; To help address overall damage levels, we’re also buffing a number of items and the Health Relic system. Several melee and tank support items now have lower cooldowns, making them more impactful and usable in Mayhem’s fast-paced fights.&nbsp; See you on the Bridge! Champions Mel Rebuttal W Cooldown : 35 / 32 / 29 / 26 / 23 ⇒ 45 / 44 / 43 / 42 / 41 Items Immortal Shieldbow Cooldown: 75 ⇒ 60 seconds Locket of the Iron Solari Cooldown: 90 ⇒ 75 seconds Maw of Malmortius Cooldown: 75 ⇒ 60 seconds Protoplasm Harness Cooldown: 90 ⇒ 60 seconds Randuin's Omen Cooldown: 90 ⇒ 60 seconds Shurelya's Battlesong Cooldown: 75 ⇒ 60 seconds Sterak's Gage Cooldown: 75 ⇒ 60 seconds Augments Fan the Hammer Per Missile Damage : 10 - 52.5 (+ 15% bonus AD) ⇒ 8 - 51 (+ 14% bonus AD) Giant Slayer Movement Speed: 30% ⇒ 20% Grandma's Chili Oil Will no longer heal allied minions. Movement Speed Stat Anvil 18% ⇒ 15% Homeguard Time to regain bonus movespeed after taking damage: 3 ⇒ 6 seconds Quantum Computing Outer damage: 200 - 350 (+65% bonus AD) (+ 40% AP) ⇒ + (75% Bonus AD) (+ 45% AP) No base damage change Red Envelopes Movement Speed from pickup: 150 ⇒ 100 Movement Speed duration: 4 ⇒ 3 seconds With Haste Movement Speed from Ability Haste: 100% ⇒ 70% ??? (Missing Ping) Healing towards allies will not be affected by Howling Abyss Buff's heal cut Bugfixes Fixed a bug where Train of the Dead changed directions with champions that have a zombie effect. Fixed a bug where Crack Open That Egg VFX did not persist correctly on subsequent shields after the initial expiration in Mayhem. Fixed a bug that caused Karma’s R cooldown to be reduced by the Firefox augment. Fixed a bug that caused Aphelios to not work with Marksmage. Fixed a bug where Marksmage Hextech did not trigger additional damage when purchasing Ability Power items on Aphelios in Mayhem ARAM. Fixed a bug where Graves dealt higher than intended damage with Marksmage in Mayhem ARAM. Fixed a bug that caused Illaoi’s E clone to gain the effects of the Final Form. Fixed a bug where Quantum Computing was doing more than double damage on the inside circle. Fixed a bug where Infernal Conduit dealt higher than intended base damage and scaling in Mayhem. Fixed a bug where Droppybara incorrectly triggered certain champion passives in Mayhem. Fixed a bug where Archmage did not affect abilities with deferred cooldowns in Mayhem. Fixed a bug where Harmful Summoner Spell was not cast when hit by Dash/Mark while Snowball Roulette was equipped in Mayhem. Fixed a bug where Slow and Steady contained a syntax error in Mayhem. Fixed a bug where Devil on Your Shoulder did not apply to all target-sourced damage over time effects in Mayhem. Fixed a bug where Bard did not benefit from Stackosaurus’s set bonus when collecting chimes in Mayhem. Fixed a bug where Kai’Sa could not evolve her W after gaining Ability Power from Stat Anvil in Mayhem ARAM. Fixed a bug where Fan the Hammer dealt less of its displayed damage in Mayhem ARAM. Fixed a bug where Dropkick triggered on turrets and crystals in Mayhem ARAM. Fixed a bug where selecting Biggest Snowball Ever followed by Pinball caused Pinball to lose its true damage in Mayhem ARAM. Fixed a bug where Void Immolation’s Immolate effect could stop working shortly after activation in Mayhem. Fixed a bug where Augments that added an item to your inventory could accidentally consume components of the item without properly compensating you. Fixed a bug where stat augments could grant two prismatic stat options instead of three in Mayhem. ARAM For this patch we’re going to be bringing over some changes we’re also doing in Mayhem so that item actives can come up a bit more frequently. Champions Mel Rebuttal W Cooldown : 35 / 32 / 29 / 26 / 23 ⇒ 45 / 44 / 43 / 42 / 41 Items Locket of the Iron Solari Cooldown: 90 ⇒ 75 seconds Protoplasm Harness ARAM: Cooldown: 90 ⇒ 75 seconds Randuin's Omen Cooldown: 90 ⇒ 60 seconds Arena For this patch Arena is looking to open up some alt builds for some champions, along with buffs to champions whose ultimates are designed for a larger spaces. Champions Tristana Rocket Jump: 50% AP ⇒ 80% AP Explosive Charge: 50% AP ⇒ 80% AP : Buster Shot: 100% AP ⇒ 150% Sivir Boomerang Blade: 60% AP ⇒ 80% AP Spell Shield: 50% AP ⇒ 120% AP Jarvan IV Demacian Standard: 100% AP ⇒ 140% AP Senna Piercing Darkness: Damage 50% AP ⇒ 80% AP Piercing Darkness: Slow 10% AP ⇒ 15% AP Curse of the Black Mist: MS 5% AP ⇒ 7% AP Dawning Shadow: Damage 70% AP ⇒ 100% AP Dawning Shadow: Shield 50% AP ⇒ 70% AP Sion Soul Furnace: Shield 40% AP ⇒ 60% AP Soul Furnace: Damage 40% AP ⇒ 60% AP Vex Shadow Surge: Cooldown 140/120/100 ⇒ 110/90/70 Seraphine High Note: Damage 50% AP ⇒ 65% AP Encore: Cooldown 160/140/120 ⇒ 100/80/60 Vel’Koz Life Form Disintegration Ray: Cooldown 100/90/80 ⇒ 80/70/60 Viktor Arcane Storm: Cooldown 120/100/80 ⇒ 100/80/60 Camille Tactical Sweep: Damage 2.5% per 100 bonus AD ⇒ 3% per 100 bonus AD Hookshot: Cooldown 16/15/14/13/12 ⇒ 14/13/12/11/10 Kled Chaaaaaaaarge!!!: Cooldown 140/125/110 ⇒ 60/45/30 Bugfixes Fixed a bug that caused Zilean’s Laugh and Taunt VO to not play correctly. ARAM Clash - Ixtal Cup The Ixtal Cup will be happening on ARAM this patch! Grab your 5 stacks and get ready to rumble! Registration Begins: April 13 @ 11:00 AM (Local Time) Tournament Dates: April 18 and 19 (~4-7 PM Local Time, varies by region) If you have any questions or you're just looking for the full 2026 Clash schedule, make sure to check out our Clash FAQ support page . Bugfixes &amp; QoL Changes Bugfixes Fixed a bug that caused Zilean’s Laugh and Taunt VO to not play correctly. Fixed a bug that caused Shyvana’s progress towards her ultimate to not display correctly when pinged. Fixed a bug that caused Mel’s Q to go on cooldown when blocking Zac’s Q with her W. Fixed a bug that caused Katarina’s ultimate to be cancellable by pressing the recall button. Fixed a bug where Yuumi fails to be healed or gain the Homeguard buff upon entering the fountain while attached to Ally Champion. Upcoming Skins &amp; Chromas The following skins will be released in this patch: PsyOps Vladimir PROJECT: Sivir Space Groove Zac PROJECT: Command Line Master Yi The following chromas will be released this patch: PsyOps Vladimir PROJECT: Sivir Space Groove Zac Related Articles Game Updates 2026-03-31T18:00:00.000Z League of Legends Patch 26.7 Notes Tons of fun and fried chicken to be had! Game Updates 2026-03-17T18:00:00.000Z League of Legends Patch 26.6 Notes It’s time for First Stand and Shyvana’s update! Game Updates 2026-03-03T19:00:00.000Z League of Legends Patch 26.5 Notes Welcome to the official patch of First Stand, the first major international tournament of the year! Game Updates 2026-02-18T19:00:00.000Z League of Legends Patch 26.4 Notes Happy Lunar Revel, welcome to patch 26.4! Ga