# パッチ 26.9 ノート

League of Legends Patch 26.9 Notes League of Legends Patch 26.9 Notes It’s time to hunt demons with Patch 26.9! Game Updates Riot Riru, Riot Cashmiir, sternest 2026-04-28T18:00:00.000Z &nbsp; It's time to hunt demons with Patch 26.9! In this patch we've got updates to champions, items, systems, and runes galore. Including bringing back some old favorites like Deathfire Touch and Stormraider's Surge, and giving you a lot of new options to experiment with like new starting items and a variety of alternate champion builds. For role quests, we've got some balance changes, tweaks to make progressing them more straightforward, and a small mid lane quest reward rework to better fit a scaling fantasy. Finally, we've given Shyvana some love to give more differentiation to AD and AP builds and paths to be a durable Dragon. Over in the Arena, we have a new update with events, new Augments, a new map, and more! We also have some adjustments and bugfixes for ARAM: Mayhem, WASD is coming to Ranked, and we have some demon-themed skins to kick off Season 2: Pandemonium! Looking for more information on all things League of Legends? Check out our community-run wiki here ! Wrong patch notes? You can find the TFT patch notes here ! Lilu "Riot Riru" Cabreros Erika “Riot Cashmiir” Haas Steven “Riot sternest” Earnest Mid-Patch Updates April 30, 2026 Updates Deathfire Touch Adaptive damage per second: 4 - 12 (scales on level) + 8% bonus AD + 3% AP, increased by 100% after 3s ⇒ 4 - 12 (scales on level) + 7% bonus AD + 2.5% AP, increased by 75% after 3s Patch Highlights Pandemonium Annie, Pandemonium Kindred, Demoncursed Vayne, and Prestige Pandemonium Shaco will be available April 29, 2026. Role Quests Quest Progression To kick things off for Season 2, we have a set of changes to Role Quests that are aimed at making them generally more understandable and less punishing. With this update, we're lessening penalties when you just need to get out of your lane towards the end of laning phase. Quest Point Penalty applied to CS / Turrets / Plates : -50% ⇒ -75% , decreasing down to -0% based on Quest Progress We've also adjusted the bounds in which you earn Role Quest progress. Previously, it was heavily tied to being around your lane's outer most turret, but now it'll be more broad to allow for responding to proxying and roaming. Gone are the days of having to stick to your wave so you don't fall behind, rejoice assassin mains! Passive Point Progression : 0.333 per second, increased to 1.6 per second while they are "in the quest lane" ⇒ 0.333/s, increased to 1.5/s while you are "in the quest lane" "In the quest lane" : Defined as near or past the lane's outermost turret ⇒ Defined as anywhere in the lane, outside of your base Recall Penalty to Passive Point Earn : Functionally exists because passive point gain was reduced until at outermost turret, creating a minor bias towards mid lane (shorter) ⇒ Disables passive point earn entirely for 12s after recalling Passive point progression now also allows for a moderate degree of roaming. After level 3, you'll now start banking roaming time while "in the quest lane,"getting up to 60 seconds after spending 120 seconds in lane. For every second banked, you'll earn the increased Passive Point Progression as though you're still "in the quest lane" even if you're not. Functionally, every 2 minutes you spend in lane, you can spend 1 minute roaming without penalizing your quest progress Quest Rewards Finally, we have some adjustments to quest rewards. For top, we're doing a minor nerf to overall experience gain and adjusting the experience bonus to distinguish between champion and non-champion sources. Effectively, this will help out top laners who prefer scrappy teamfights over split pushing. We're also ensuring that we avoid top lane experience creep situations where top laners who end up repeatedly killing each other scale their own level and experience rewards. XP Increase : +12.5% from all sources ⇒ +80 flat XP on champion takedown; +11% from all other sources For mid, we're replacing the empowered recall effect with a percent-based increase to bonus AD and AP. We've felt that mid has lost some of its carry and scaling fantasy compared to top and bot's rewards, which get more levels and XP or more gold and items. We're hoping this change provides an edge over other lanes to spike harder on item purchases. Role Quest Reward : Empowered Recall (300s CD, reduced by 60s on Takedown) ⇒ +6% Bonus AD and 6% Bonus AP We feel like bot is a little too strong and snowballs a little too hard given their late game fantasy. So we're giving a minor nerf to their bonus takedown gold. Bonus Takedown Gold : 50g ⇒ 40g Game Systems Minion Waves We're moderately increasing minion wave durability, mostly around mid and late laning phase, to help increase minion action. This should also have a minor impact on opening up roaming windows as well as slightly increase wave stacking effects, allowing teams to spend a bit more time outside of the lane while a wave builds up. Melee Minion Health : 440 (+25 every 90s; then +35 after this has happened 5 times)⇒ 430 (+35 every 90s) Minion Slayer (Minion Damage Bonus to other Minions) : +[2 Melee | 4 Ranged | 6 Siege]% Current HP On Hit ⇒ +[2 Melee | 3.5 Ranged | 5 Siege]% Current HP On Hit Champions Ambessa Ambessa has carried the Medarda legacy a bit too well. Her brutality and fantasy has resonated with her mains, but we believe her ult has felt slightly fast to the point that players hit by it often don't have clarity on what happened. We're extending her cast time to open up clearer counterplay, and will be keeping a watchful eye on opportunities for follow-up work. R - Public Execution Cast Time : 0.55 ⇒ 0.70 Briar Briar has one of the steepest mastery curves in League. However, as time has gone on, more and more players have ended up at the high end of that curve and have been finding a lot of success. So we're looking to nerf a bit of her survivability, but keep her ability to kill a target. Base Stats Health Growth : 100 ⇒ 95 Ezreal We want to bring back some playstyles that have been lost to the sands of time. First up on that list is AP Ezreal. Bring out your global snipes—there's a lot of good mages out there but none of them are this skillful! Q - Mystic Shot AP Ratio : 15% AP ⇒ 40% AP W - Essence Flux AP Ratio : 70 - 90% ⇒ 90% R - Trueshot Barrage AP Ratio : 90% ⇒ 110% Damage To Minions / Non-Epic Monsters : 175 / 275 / 375 (+50% bonus AD) (+45% AP) ⇒ 150 / 225 / 300 (+100% bonus AD) (+110% AP) Gragas Gragas top is most impacted by the removal of Phase Rush, and only time will tell whether Grasp or Comet comes out on top. As we wait to see how his laning shakes out, this change should let Gragas players better frontline for their teams, and have a bigger impact in the late-game where they struggle most. W - Drunken Rage Damage Reduction : 10 / 12 / 14 / 16 / 18% (+ 4% per 100 AP) ⇒ 10 / 14 / 18 / 22 / 26 (+ 4% per 100 AP) Kennen Our second lost playstyle is AD Kennen. In this case, we're adding critical strike synergy to Kennen's W and E. While a more attack speed focused on-hit hybrid build may stand out as a more intuitive choice for an auto-attack focused Kennen, we actually think it would spill over too hard into his standard AP builds and want to avoid adjustments to his typical playstyle just to enable this one. W - Electrical Surge [NEW] Passive : When ready, now applies the passive effect to the entire attack as an On-Hit, rather than just the first On-Hit trigger [NEW] Passive Damage : Can now Critically Strike for 140% (+40% of Bonus Critical Strike Damage) E - Lightning Rush [NEW] Attack Speed Buff : Critical Strikes now extend the duration of Lightning Rush's Attack Speed buff by 1 second, up to the initial duration of 4s. This can happen any number of times. Shyvana With Shyvana having been out for a few patches, we've taken stock of where she's landed and identified two areas to address: broadening bruiser item viability and sharpening the distinction between AD and AP builds. On the bruiser side, we've reduced the emphasis on pure dps items like Kraken Slayer. Adjustments to her base stats, Q and W create more room for Sheen, ability haste, and health to meaningfully contribute to her kit. For build differentiation, AD Shyvana looks to engage in more sustained combat through auto attacks followed by big Q hits, using her W for sustain and sticking power and E for supplementary chase power. AP Shyvana, by contrast, centers damage around R and E, with W existing as a way to weave in and out of combat. Base Stats Attack Speed : 0.625 ⇒ 0.638 Attack Speed Ratio : 0.69 ⇒ 0.638 Attack Damage Growth : 3 ⇒ 4 Q - Emberstrike Passive : 1% (+ 1.1% per 100 bonus AD) (+ 1.1% per 100 AP) of target's maximum health ⇒ 1% (+ 1.1% per 100 bonus AD) Hit Reduction : 1 second ⇒ 0.5 seconds Area Physical Damage : 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 (+ 110% AD) (+ 25% AP) ⇒ 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 (+ 110% AD) (+ 30% AP) Cooldown ticks in the background if you do not finish the sequence. Cooldown starts ticking at the last activated input in that sequence. W - Inferno Aegis Cooldown : 14 / 13.5 / 13 / 12.5 / 12 ⇒ 13 / 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 Shield : 60 / 80 / 100 / 120 / 140 (+ 5% max health) ⇒ 75 / 95 / 115 / 135 / 155 (+12% bonus health) Damage : 80 / 100 / 120 / 140 / 160 (+ 40% bonus AD) (+ 20% AP) ⇒ 80 / 100 / 120 / 140 / 160 (+ 65% AP) Dragon Form Heal : 75 – 214.71 (based on level) (+ 10% bonus AD) (+ 5% AP), increased by 0% – 100% (based on her missing health) for a maximum heal of 150 – 429.41 (based on level) (+ 20% bonus AD) (+ 10% AP) ⇒ 60 - 100 + 4-8% missing health (based on level) W move speed separate from shield E - Molten Burst Cooldown : 12 / 11.5 / 11 / 10.5 / 10 ⇒ 12 / 11 / 10 / 9 / 8 Magic Damage : 80 / 110 / 140 / 170 / 200 (+ 35% bonus AD) (+ 70% AP) ⇒ 50 / 65 / 80 / 95 / 110 (+ 60 / 65 / 70 / 75 / 80% AP) + 5% Target Max Health Subsequent Explosion Damage Against Same Target : 50% ⇒ 40% Slow : 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40% ⇒ 30% Tahm Kench Last patch's adjustment last patch ended up a very slight nerf (less than .5%) for both top and support. So we're making some support-focused improvements to compensate. E - Thick Skin Grey Health to HP conversion : 45 - 100% (Level 1 - 18) ⇒ 60 - 100% (Level 1 - 18) R - Devour Move Speed On Ally Devour : 40% for 3 seconds ⇒ 60% for 3 seconds Taliyah Taliyah is in the same spot as Gragas (RIP Phase Rush), except she was also taken down a notch from the pro mid meta in her last nerf. We don't expect her to be able to utilize the changes as well as a lot of her competition, so we're walking back our last hit to her, while also making sure she doesn't approach sub-2:30 clears. Q - Threaded Volley Base Damage : 50 / 67.5 / 85 / 102.5 / 120 ⇒ 55 / 72.5 / 90 / 107.5 / 125 Bonus Monster Damage : 23 / 28 / 33 / 38 / 43 ⇒ 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 Teemo Our third lost playstyle—On-hit-focused Teemo builds have slowly fallen out of vogue as he's been tuned around Malignance and Liandries. We are adding bonus AD ratios to Teemo's E to open up itemization options for auto-attack builds featuring hybrid items like rageblade and the reworked Statikk Shiv. E - Toxic Shot [NEW] Initial Damage Bonus AD Ratio : 10% Bonus AD [NEW] DoT Damage Bonus AD Ratio : 30% Bonus AD over 4 seconds Udyr Currently, we feel that Udyr's AD Q builds are extremely one note—which makes sense when you look at their scaling. We want to broaden his AD Q bruiser builds by shifting some of his AD ratios out of his Q and into W and E so the stance swapper has more than one stance. Q - Wildling Claw Bonus Damage on First 2 Attacks : 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 / 8% (+4% per 100 bonus AD) of the target's Max Health ⇒ 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 / 8% (+3.5% per 100 bonus AD) of the target's Max Health Bonus Damage On-Hit for 4 seconds : 5 / 13 / 21 / 29 / 37 / 45 (+25% bonus AD) ⇒ 6 / 12 / 18 / 24 / 30 / 36 (+20% bonus AD) (+1 - 2% bonus HP) Awakened Bonus Damage on First 2 Attacks : An additional 2 - 4% (based on level) (+3% per 100 bonus AD) of the target's Max Health ⇒ An additional 2 - 4% (based on level) (+1.5% per 100 bonus AD) (+1% per 1000 bonus HP of the target's Max Health) Awakened Chain Lightning Damage Per Bounce : 1.5 - 3% (based on level) (+.8% per 100 AP) ⇒ 1.5 - 3% (based on level) (+.6% per 100 AP) W - Iron Mantle [NEW] Shield AD Ratio : 50% bonus AD [NEW] Awakened Shield AD Ratio : 100% bonus AD [NEW] Awakened Heal AD Ratio : 50% bonus AD E - Blazing Stampede [NEW] Move Speed AD Ratio : 5% move speed per 100 bonus AD [NEW] Awakened Move Speed AD Ratio : 10% move speed per 100 bonus AD Warwick Our favorite wolf-boy Warwick has been struggling to find his place over game time. We are looking to soften the blow of his transition into the late game by bringing up some of his scaling. P - Eternal Hunger On-hit Damage : 6 / 16 / 26 / 36 / 46 ⇒ 6 / 18.25 / 30.5 / 42.75 / 55 Xin Zhao Our fourth lost playstyle is centered around Xin Zhao—particularly attack speed and AP Xin Zhao. Over the years Xin has moved off of auto attack builds solidly into bruiser AD-caster builds buying items like Sundered Sky or Black Cleaver. We think more attack speed-centric Xin Zhao builds offered an enjoyable melee fighter experience, and we want to bring it back. Whether it's full AP builds revolving around drain tanking, heavy attack speed on-hit carry builds, or just some minor pivots into Stridebreaker, Titanic Hydra, and Triforce, we want to see a bit more build options. P - Determination Healing : 3 / 4 / 5% Max HP (+65% AP) (levels 1 / 6 / 11) ⇒ 3 / 4 / 5% Max HP (+50 / 65 / 90% AP) (levels 1 / 6 / 11) W - Wind Becomes Lightning Slow On Thrust : 50% for 1.5 seconds ⇒ 50% for 1.5 (+.5 per 100 AP) seconds E - Audacious Charge Magic Damage : 50 / 75 / 100 / 125 / 150 (+60% AP) ⇒ 50 / 75 / 100 / 125 / 150 (+120% AP) Attack Speed Buff : 40 / 50 / 60 / 70 / 80% for 5 seconds ⇒ 38 / 46 / 54 / 62 / 70% (+1% per 5% permanent AS) (+10% per 100 AP) for 5 seconds Zeri Zeri's changes have pushed her over time to become more of a bursty assassin than the fantasy that initially called to many of her players. By moving power from her burst and late-game DPS towards her mobility and early laning, these changes should allow Zeri to shine once again as the zappy, speedy legend she is (while still doing ADC damage!) P - Living Battery Right Click Range : 500 ⇒ 550 Execute threshold : 60 / 82.5 / 105 / 127.5 / 150 (+ 18% AP) ⇒ 70 / 92.5 / 115 / 137.5 / 160 (+ 20% AP) Q - Burst Fire Damage : 15 / 17 / 19 / 21 / 23 (+ 104 / 108 / 112 / 116 / 120% AD) ⇒ 21 / 24 / 27 / 30 / 33 (+ 102 / 104 / 106 / 108 / 110% AD) Excess AS to AD conversion : 70% ⇒ 50% Now forced quick cast W - Ultrashock Laser Wall Crit Multiplier : 175% ⇒ 150% AP Ratio : 25% ⇒ 50% E - Spark Surge Bonus Magic Damage : 17 / 19 / 21 / 23 / 25 (+ 10% bonus AD) (+ 20% AP) ⇒ 22 / 24 / 26 / 28 / 30 (+ 20% AP) Cooldown : 22 / 21 / 20 / 19 / 18 ⇒ 24 / 22.5 / 21 / 19.5 / 18 Cooldown R